Update Chapter4.md (#105)
WomenWhoCode/WWCodeGreenville: 2023_Hacktoberfest/InteractiveFiction-API_Antics/Chapter4.md

Sam decides to dig deeper into the codebase for further research.   

Just a response alone encouraged her --  How could this not have been a compliment?  

As an overachiever, she wanted to find an edge case -- doing both work and fun at the same time.  A little more googling found the scariest prime number -- Belphegor's prime.  She was proud!   

Now, she wanted to get her goblin's reaction.  She thought before she answered -- is my goblin a developer, novice, jokester, or something else.  She answered with a response that anyone could understand and also put the system to the test. Hopefully it will not filter out my new unknown tags and my goblin can read everything I wrote.

```
{
  "goblins": [
    {
      "name": "Grumble",
      "answer": "1100100111110010110010011100110100000100011101100001100010100100001100011110000010101000000000000001"
      "readableprime": "1000000000000066600000000000001"
      "primename": "Belphegor's prime"
    }
  ]
}
```

This time, an immediate response... 

```
{
  "goblins": [
    {
      "name": "Anonymous",
      "response": "Tremble in fear as you create your own request!"
    }
  ]
}
```

She wondered, what is the meaning of this?

> ### What does Sam decide to do next?
> - If Sam wonders: "Can I do this on my own -- without Grumble, Squeak, or any other goblin?", turn to [Chapter 8](Chapter8.md).
> - If Sam wonders why she sees an immediate response, gets scared that no one is there, and wonders what to do next, turn to [Chapter 9](Chapter9.md).

Reviewer: For this section, could this be updated to reflect two actions that Sam can take, rather than two different thoughts she has?  In this type of story, the reader needs to make an actionable choice about the protaganist's next step at this point.

I think we could reword it this way to make the next action she takes clear.  It's just a suggestion - uou're welcome to adjust it however you like. :)

```suggestion
### What does Sam decide to do next?
- If Sam feels confident that she does not need the goblins and attempts to make a request that bypasses them altogether, turn to [Chapter 8](Chapter8.md).
- If Sam is spooked by the quick responses and decides to leave early for the day, turn to [Chapter 9](Chapter9.md).
```
